hangman_test.cpp  Win   - dislikes
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Jennings
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - brand's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - remunerating
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - remunerating
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - understudying
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Pincus
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - sentient
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - worker's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Castries's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - armors
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - disembark
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - strapping
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Landsteiner
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - ferried
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - pickaback's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - stagger's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - hares
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - postmarking
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - motiles
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - ocular
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - vipers
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Izanami
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - tuxes
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - cosmology
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - monastic's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - phone
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - creature
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - sidestepped
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Merck's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Graffias's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - camp
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - tolerably
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - anesthetic's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - coagulates
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - bozo
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - caseworkers
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Atlantic
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - unemotional
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Ethel
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - monkeyshine
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - prehistory's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Wesak
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - driveways
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - intensify
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - submersion's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - tare's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Holmes
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - saunter's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - crude
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - rockets
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - midyear
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Richthofen
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - implement's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - miaow's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - tussling
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Alberto
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - race
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - bettors
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - fatalism
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - flurry
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - coifing
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - memory
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - trammed
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - styluses
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - volubly
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - goalkeepers
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - collages
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - hastiness
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Pythias
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - oxford's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - cultivates
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - felony's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Saab's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - verminous
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - possess
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Parrish
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Ismail
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - aorta's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - optical
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - tuxes
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - nonessential
hangman_solver.cpp  Loss  - g
hangman.cpp  Loss  - philosophies
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - virgin's
hangman_solver.cpp  Win   - quartz
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Clarice's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - perennially
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - enumeration's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - compound's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - moody
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - dividers
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - pantheons
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - folly's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - insipid
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - mongooses
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - overbore
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - pigmy's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - primping
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - blabbed
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - orchestration's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - acknowledgement
hangman_solver.cpp  Win   - pirate
hangman.cpp  Loss  - outlined
